---
layout: default
title: Additional Income
---

# Additional Income

Retiring does not necessarily mean that you're no longer bringing in money.
Sometimes, you may have additional income during some years of your retirement.
Example sources of additional income include social security, a pension, a side
job, or a profitable side project.

To add Additional Income, begin by expanding the "Additional Income" section of
the Configuration section of FI Calc. You can add as many additional income
sources as you would like.

## Configuring Additional Income

Click the "Add Additional Income" button to open a window that lets you
configure your income.

### Name

You may choose to label your income. Providing a name can help you to stay
organized when you have multiple income sources. Providing a name is optional.

### Annual Amount

Additional income is considered annually. If you receive your income on a more
frequent schedule, then you should add up the total amount that you expect to
receive in a year and enter it here.

> Additional Income at other frequencies is not currently supported.

### Adjusting for Inflation

Over time, the dollar tends to afford you fewer and fewer things. This tendency
is called "inflation." You may know that some of your income sources will be
adjusted for inflation. For example, you may have a job that gives you a raise
each year to match inflation.

If your income should be adjusted for inflation then you should check this
checkbox.

### Income Frequency

FI Calc supports complex income frequencies. For example, you may know that you
plan to take 3 years off, and then get a side job for a couple of years.

Use the "Income frequency" section to specify when you want your Additional
Income to begin, and for how long.

## Modifying an Existing Additional Income

You can make changes to an Additional Income that you have already created. To
do so, click the target Additional Income in the list, and the edit window will
appear. Make your changes, and then click Save.

## Deleting Additional Income

To delete an Additional Income that you have created, click an existing
Additional Income to open the Edit window. Then, click on the "Delete" button.
The Additional Income will be deleted.
